Added SR-only help text to `EuiPopover` and dependent components. (#6589)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6589.md

> - Added screen reader instructions to `EuiPopover` and dependent components

Reviewer: Let's be a bit more specific here:

```suggestion
- Added more detailed screen reader instructions to `EuiSelectable`, `EuiSuggest`, `EuiSelectableTemplateSitewide`, `EuiRange`, and `EuiDualRange`.
```
